Raise error if disjoint time co-ordinates inside _align_obs_footprint (#954)
openghg/openghg: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased](https://github.com/openghg/openghg/compare/0.8.0...HEAD)

### Fixed

> - Added check to verify if `obs` and `footprint` have disjoint time co-ordinates then raise ValueError - [PR #954](https://github.com/openghg/openghg/pull/954)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added check to verify if `obs` and `footprint` have overlapping time coordinates when creating a `ModelScenario` object, if not then raise `ValueError` - [PR #954](https://github.com/openghg/openghg/pull/954)
```
